hi everybody today we pay tribute to dr.
Martin Luther King jr. we reflect on the
lessons of his life that extraordinary
change begins when ordinary men and
women are willing to stand up for the
progress they seek we draw strength from
his unbending commitment to justice and
his unwavering conviction in the moral
force of non-violence and just as we
celebrate the progress he helped inspire
we recommit ourselves to our unfinished
work defending the dignity and equality
of all people that's why today we come
together in a National Day of Service
because as dr. King once said life's
most persistent and urgent question is
what are you doing for others today
Americans across our country are
answering that question through their
actions they're cleaning up parks
visiting hospitals working at food banks
and reading to children they're doing
their part to honor dr. King by heeding
his call to serve to everyone out there
volunteering today thank you and to
everyone who wants to join in it's not
too late just go to WWL kada gov to find
a project happening right now near you
dr. King is an inspiration to millions
around the world including me we feel
his legacy all around us in our schools
our communities our halls of government
and most importantly in our hearts how
we treat each other in the simple acts
of kindness and respect that bind us
together as one American family that was
dr. King's dream that one day all
Americans would treat each other as
brothers and sisters let's all do our
part to make that dream real not just
today but every day
you